you know what I'm going to tell you no Judas
look I'm going to introduce it headline but
well
let me introduce it with a song
that says tell me it was me the betrayal was
the bed no longer waiting for it it's already
introduced it's so strong Javi it's
so strong it's so strong
fabric eh sailor eh sailor and never
Better said fabric but can you tell
please it's a little bit of an introduction to
this lady well let's see it all starts
in the morning it's very strong okay it
all starts in the morning because she
uploads some stories she's very
Instagram I think
This from the world of
famous instagrammer covers other
reality shows let's see if it can be I think she
likes it a lot so it all
starts this morning
11 12 in the morning things like that She uploads
a story on the bird going to Madrid and she
also tells you Madrid as her destination
evidently people raise their eyebrows it
starts to be a stir on the networks and she gets it right the
right thing was that this afternoon she spent she
spent an afternoon having a snack on
sálvame to talk about Olga various
headlines various headlines that to me
surprise Marina point number one no I've
been fed up with doing my
part and that's entering okay in this that they are
standing in the subject of the
a kiss a kiss Yoli a kiss queen this
that they are standing in the part of the
directors when the
guests are entering Hey please she
is saying that we are going to have a
date and you ignore it to talk
about a traitor I mean the public
deserves that love triumphs this channel It
's not that you are not romantic at all it's that you are not
romantic at all Javi gosh a
good one here happy such And you with Ana
Lucana Luque and with the bird Well nothing
let's talk about the time you cut the
thread of the story but well yes no
forgive me forgive me forgive me it was a
joke If I want to send you an audio
here we put it eh
Yoli Yoli send us an audio but in the
meantime Javi resumes the speech a bit that
an idiot like me interrupted her
with all her best I understand that love
flourishes of course here listen to me it would not be the
first couple that has come out here eh
let's go the first in  the second not
the third nor the fifth Javi you have
counted it four times the age you are
sitting fatally you have counted that continues that
you told me they were Wait Wait
the names Wait Wait Wait
Ivan there
were several that have come from here from the
chat community and already between
collaborators I don't know if I could
tell you between youtuber Maybe
too but now I wouldn't know how to tell you
but well man Javi you because you
why are you engaged but if not I
will tell you something but no let's see if I
weren't engaged the problem
would be that no I no I wouldn't have
found a partner I would be a little
naughty
but if I hadn't been engaged
I would be a scoundrel Javi's face
with Marina's spontaneity Marleny
kiss darling Well as I said
point number one that she has done a lot
for that relationship but that
several months have passed and it is not fixed that no that there is no
way and that the friendship is
lost
and Well here I have some clients I don't
know if you want us to see some
let's comment on them but I need we have to
go to go comment on them we have to
going to stop it okay because they are of are
such what Agustín's is a
montage Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Ay Ay Ay Ay Ay Ay Ay Ay Ay
yes perfectly the headline I think that
Agustín's is a montage
look really
Well look I do
n't understand how this lady can
say I want Agustín's is a montage
because tell me how is it
benefiting her because if she told me man
made an exclusive for for an
exclusive end or rather we have seen the
Rebirth of Olga the change that we have
seen perfectly from a woman
devastated by the pain of gosh The Grief
of a breakup in this case by Antonio
David suddenly she
resurges like the Phoenix meets a
person and seems like another she does not need to give
explanations she is not on
social networks she ignores everything she is happy she
seems really happy a montage a montage it
is a montage it has been your friendship with
Olga dear that has been a
montage and also you have bent us
because we saw Evelyn coming
But you at the beginning well we
appreciated everything here and we believed in your grace
and  in your good faith but my goodness daughter with
friends like you, let's go, she
had, they
had friendships, they left, man. I think
that
Olga's strong, fixed, fixed friendships, I don't think it was her.
But they had a relationship that we saw
that they shared days, afternoons and nights,
parties, some families with others here and
there in families, I mean, I want to
tell you is that for this thousand euros that they have
charged for me, I have always seen her
as very
television-like, very instagrammer, very, for
example, there was I remember when,
apart from her being a survivor to
defend Olga, I remember that the
two of them, Evelyn and she, did like a
program on a sofa, I don't remember, they made
fools of themselves, they acted like who
and the two of them broadcast like a program on
a sofa. But I don't know if it was from some
regional channel, I don't know
then You could see that they wanted to
get into the world.
Well, congratulations, it worked out well for them, what
happens is that at a price that Look, I'm
going to tell you something and the lady,
Mrs. Ana Luque this afternoon
exactly charged 1000 euros, they
compensate you.  1000 euros for I'm not even telling you about
earning the hate of the people that you already
have
the guests more or less for going late
to save me man I've worked there I
know what the guests charge
because I know a thousand who have gone another
thing is that for example I don't know if she will
go directly But if a representative takes you
there she already takes 20 because
the representative businesses are usually a
little more and in the end it is eaten by the
servers because she takes 20 that
basically you
have me with the Treasury fried Although the
Treasury also has me Fe let's
see if you're telling me a thousand euros which
is what has remained no no clear No
that remains less for you I mean what is
usually paid to the guests depends
in this case more or less around 1000
and what remains less has compensated you
darling I hope not because
obviously you are not going to recover that friendship it
is clear that
you did not give a absolute [ __ ] about Olga
speaking badly and I'll tell you another thing
really She takes Evelyn that is that
I already smelled it distance that I already
thought mother  mine this one can be seen coming but
what this lady said and this is not the
strongest thing she has said about Agustín that
she can have her thoughts I think
that not even she believes it herself but she knows
that to be focused there generating
content she has to tell that she is not going to
go there to talk about her Reconciliation
as a hook for a deluxe
but she is not going to go to the deluxe or this I have
dreamed I do not know if the light thing is confirmed
because she ends the
intervention saying no no but that I
want to come more times if you want me to
tell more
time and time again she wants to come more times and the
anxiety we wait it has been seen from the
beginning but it's that I have been
disappointed by the other one no Evelyn No but she
is like this because at first she was showing herself
with a person that Olga wanted and she
looked you know a funny close aunt
a thousand euros I tell you the truth let's
see 1000 euros she I don't know what she does
Well maybe say that she stays for 600
or less
or someone else takes her but because her husband
has also left me things like this I do not
know Or rather I do not  I know So I don't know
how things turn out but come on
since I betray someone and I'm going to
look bad in front of the people
who made me famous man at
least you can make a fortune no but you're
telling me that they know that she has taken 500
duros in the afternoon or 400 euros in
the afternoon well my goodness how cheap it
has come out in the tradition Well yes because it
is a betrayal already and despite the fact that this
is a spectacle it is that you do not stop being
betrayed to a person I do not care we
are talking about I do not know what need you have
no need She is not a person
who lives well so I understand
a reality show I can understand it but it is
toxic because she is a total person
but come on and so much that she lives well Yes we have already
seen her house we have seen her go
man Ana Luque go that go that what
a thing me when when we were at the
door of the Virgen de Rocío or the thing with
Anabel Pantoja's father that I was there
at the door covering the news a bit
suddenly arrived and that he was a
famous and arrived in a [ __ ] car
a [ __ ] car and  it was and it was and it
was Luque and her husband Well, well
today, for whatever they do,
Sálvame
buys two new wheels for the car, it's fine, it's fine,
two tires and
apart from that, you're forgetting a part that
seems very key to me, she's saying that she
thinks it's a setup but the fact is that back in the
day when it wasn't confirmed that
Olga was with Agustín, this one and
Evelyn said that yes, that surely
Olga was with Agustín that according to the
information they already had, that according to what
they believed she was, I have to agree with
them there because
if not, I would be very hypocritical because I
had that same information
Olga told me and we've already
talked about this several times Olga told me
At that moment, no, I insisted that she did,
she told me no and after three
weeks Well, it came out that she did and I knew that there was
something if you're telling me from what
I intuit, from what I know, yes, it's
because it's supposed that you Have lived through
situations with her and with Agustín
Maybe the one who had fooled around like Marta
López also said  that Marta López said
man according to me what I've seen what about
I think it's going to be true so
now how are you telling me that you
think it's a montage now she
's telling me now
Let me continue putting a piece
okay
comes super session of things You
know her
You haven't known her for two years I'm sure I have to
stop a bit because of
the copy but now she says something like that
to her and her friends or rather
Ana Luque and her friends they always told her
Hey for your Represa very well I don't know what and
that Olga said that she wasn't attracted to her Never
It's that I want to stop stop for for
me Olga I mean to me Olga told me she says
but she says Agustín says I would
never have considered it says if he's my repre I mean I've been
with him for four years and I would never have
noticed him and it's true I
swear and then she's like that Hey let's see in the
end it happens let's see yes it's true
that there are people that I've never
noticed and in the end well you fall in love it can
happen it's not the usual thing But it can happen
Yes but  let's see if she had those
conversations with Olga back
then, I don't like her, she didn't
call me How is it now, I mean how is it
now, no, how is it that I don't
remember if it was four months, three
months, five months ago when
the news started to spread How is it that
seven months ago, in June, live, I
remember in June, in June, 7 months I
understand that the time since you've
known me Javi goes by faster for you but it's been
almost seven months Yes, yes, eh Let's
see, it's what they said I remember that she
said yes, me, because of what
I, because of what she experienced Yes, yes, it would make sense to me
that they were together, it would make sense to me
yes and now you're telling me that when you
were friends what she talked about in front of you
was that she didn't like it, there's something here,
no, it
's a lie that I can see, or it's a lie
This one, yes, she's not consistent with what
they say But because I think she's
missing a summer And next one shouldn't
be hers, I'm really telling you, no, she's not
hot, she's not hot and she's not
gay It's okay I mean, she's not
hot anymore I think she has  overwhelmed
had its charm at first I
really liked her but of course
later I'm going to put a Twitter like to
have friends like that my daughter I'll go
bald on the side of the road and see myself having a
whiskey by myself on the shoulder because I
prefer it or rather as María Isabel said in
Eurovision better alone than in bad company
because wow wow with those
treacherous friends poor Olga well poor thing
she's cured frightful woman anyway
Pilar look what Olga Moreno posted
on her Instagram story what she just
posted and she hasn't posted anything You know what
happens to these people they are
Boomer and they'll believe Maybe what she
posted Maybe a fa account or something like
that right
Pilar tells me look what
Olga posted on her Instagram account and I see that
Olga hasn't posted anything it's a
fan account that's posting things against
Ana Luque dirty Luque then say that you
're not on TV because of Olga Ana don't
despise Olga Judas I don't know what all
that kind of things no And they made a
hashtag To support  to Olga Moreno which
seems logical to me let's see yeah Look I have to
say one thing Javi Sorry to
interrupt up there those likes and if we
get there we're about to reach
4000 which is a number that we love And
when we get to 4000 we'll put more
pingando Ana Luque no no but I was going to
know what you were going to say
and is going to say that 2000 likes seems to me
a lack of respect for my
collaborator and for Tony and for Toni
great to be there
that at least there should be three thousand likes
before we leave I
continue I don't remember what you know if
not I'm blank But I continue Oh well Yes
yes I remember what I was saying that
Ana Luque even with us in
this whole blue tide thing and she knows what
people really think on networks and
the vast majority of the town okay that
maybe you can lock yourself in an
echo chamber of the TV factory and
get into the world but Rocío Carrasco
no because Ana Luque has come to
say this afternoon there that she
is completely sure that  at
some point Olga will end up
agreeing with Rocío Carrasco and calling her
you know what I think I've stayed with that I
think it's the great headline that they've
left us you know what I think sincerely I'm
going to be super super sincere I don't care I
think she's not going to do it but not because there are
things that you can't
feel and I'm not talking to you about the
atrocities that have been committed against Rocío
Carrasco because Olga in the last
exclusives that God defended
David's work of Antonio David as a father but
obviously she already commented that she had
felt disappointed as a woman in the
sentimental role It's logical but but I do
n't think and especially because of the daughter they
have in common I don't think I would publicly
put my hand in the fire that Olga will
publicly ask for forgiveness Or agree with
Rocío Carrasco I think in 2023
we will never see it I don't know what
people think I think never I don't know Carrasco made
a super ugly insinuation about Olga Moreno
only one let's
see me of all the one that I would not
lose the one that I don't think I would forgive
unless Rocio Carrasco first took the step
of removing it properly,
man, it would be the one of
what is she doing in bed with the child, is
n't it so Dantesque, not
running when she saw us come in through
the door? No man, to me. As much as they
denied it and well. And then the moment,
No, no, it's horrible, that's horrible. Besides,
that insinuation has penetrated her and her
followers because I keep seeing
Carrasquistas uploading photos of Olga
Moreno and David as if
Olga's intentions were bad,
you know what has penetrated in the
documentary is that this is what I was going to
tell you, Rocio Carrasco's speech
has been extrapolated and has spread to
a current that still persists on
Twitter and that is so radical, so extreme, so
secretary, and so dangerous that I see
that it is normalized in a way that makes me
want to run away, as
Amaral would say, run away. Well, you know.
Well, you know how I am, forgive me.
Then you say how, besides, they are people who
cannot be changed from that way of thinking, they
are even people that I don't know, to the
point that they think like that or not. Or  just because
her particular Hitler told her that, we have to
spread that message, doesn't it make me
very sad, I don't know Olga in that sense?
But well, everyone has their right to
think as they want,
okay, but the image that I'm
going to show you when we read
Loli Huerta's chat is very strong.
This lady is sad and poor, it doesn't matter what
you have, happiness is given by what you
have around you, and in that regard, I am a
multimillionaire. A kiss, Loli darling.
Thank you so much for the super chat.
Thank you very much. The truth is, the
truth is that she is
sad and poor because and sold and
sold and and it really seems like it's not
the money or that she's alone
because maybe you're not alone. I
always see her, Ana Luque, very surrounded by
people who I went out with. But
you can be alone being surrounded by
people, it happens to many people. Eh, yes, but there
are many times that it's not and I see this.
I have also had a few times that I have
fought with YouTube and something that many
times they don't do ugly things to us for money
as such but also
because Because you like to feel famous,
you have low self-esteem and you like the
best thing is to feel part of something, to feel
that you attract attention.  you know and I
[Music]